Update upstream submodule to v0.6.0 (#392)
elastic/elastic-otel-php: docs/release-notes/index.md

% ### Fixes [edot-php-X.X.X-fixes]
% *

## 1.8.0 [edot-php-1.8.0-release-notes]

> Based on [opentelemetry-php-distro v0.6.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-php-distro/releases/tag/v0.6.0).
> 
> ### This release is based on the following OpenTelemetry PHP packages
> 
> - [open-telemetry/api 1.10.0](https://packagist.org/packages/open-telemetry/api#1.10.0)
> - [open-telemetry/sdk 1.15.0](https://packagist.org/packages/open-telemetry/sdk#1.15.0)
> - [open-telemetry/context 1.5.0](https://packagist.org/packages/open-telemetry/context#1.5.0)

Reviewer: I don't think we need a separate heading here. How about merging into:

```suggestion
Based on [opentelemetry-php-distro v0.6.0](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-php-distro/releases/tag/v0.6.0) and the following OpenTelemetry PHP packages:

- [open-telemetry/api 1.10.0](https://packagist.org/packages/open-telemetry/api#1.10.0)
- [open-telemetry/sdk 1.15.0](https://packagist.org/packages/open-telemetry/sdk#1.15.0)
- [open-telemetry/context 1.5.0](https://packagist.org/packages/open-telemetry/context#1.5.0)
```

### Features and enhancements [edot-php-1.8.0-features-enhancements]

> - **PHP runtime metrics** — Automatically exports PHP runtime metrics (memory usage, garbage collection, etc.) via the native async OTLP transport by bundling `opentelemetry/opentelemetry-metrics-runtime` (upstream PR [#131](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-php-distro/pull/131))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **PHP runtime metrics** — Automatically exports PHP runtime metrics (memory usage, garbage collection, and more) via the native async OTLP transport by bundling `opentelemetry/opentelemetry-metrics-runtime` (upstream PR [#131](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-php-distro/pull/131))
```
